here's some socially unacceptable things
that we need to fix like remember doing
this sort of thing as a kid it's kind of
like a lost ability probably cuz we were
told to stop experimenting with movement
as a kid that's bad for you like as an
adult it's weird if I want to climb a
light pole I just want movement Freedom
if it was just a little bit more common
for adults to experiment with movement
there would be more adults that could
handstand and I don't know
cartwheel and for some reason wearing
shoes that are actually feet shaped is
something I can't do at my cousin's
wedding I mean I really just don't get
it I mean look at this look how mobile
my toes are that is not normal and
lastly we need to start climbing trees
again because inevitably one day you
will not be able to and maybe that day
is coming quicker than you think by the
way these shoes are in my bio and if you
use code stay flexi you'll get a
discount